it was again so far emsdetten stood before
his next home game was guest
the thsv eisenach very much to this
time the fourth table place in
The league had wanted to Eisenach
they would score a good one
step direction league one can do
accordingly were many fans
the blue traveled around her team
to assist in the ems hall
captain also motivates her
wanted the rough defeat of
make up for it
but so far undefeated at home and
after all, had proved that one
could beat ascent aspirants
This was the latest after the game
against questioning field it was spoken
So to become an exciting game
the tv emsdetten was hard to find
game
the host's first chance right away
was not used tobias revision
fails here at stadtlauf group moved
the tsv so now the chance on the
but also no success here
Babin as well as his colleague wake up
the opposite side less awake contributed
binz teammates used these
namely your chance not like this
he also does not lead to seven meters
Success in return could eisenach
now enforce number eleven the anja
Nitra 4 to zero to 13 minutes now
already around and still no hit for
emsdetten but also in this experiment
did not succeed the fans of the green
So had to wait a bit
if one does not want to do it then
just the other so at least saw
is the blue with this hit to 0
2 saw it quite good for me
eisenach then finally over five
minutes succeeded in pushing a ball
to score captains hare here
with the first goal success for the tv
emsdetten after this action seemed
emsdetten now found in the game too
have gotten stronger
within a minute
hits like here from folders or too
by tobia's auditor for a high spirits
here in the ems-hall after one
good defense performance met video creation
to 52 after a two-goal residue
now with three goals to be ahead
Coach then weird was so satisfied
as the fans in the hall Eisenach in
At this stage, they found it somewhat perplexed
no real solution to the tv too
Always stop was four to five
gates behind
Shortly before closing the tv ii got then
again the possibility of leadership
but also here is the
chance not used this too
Strafstoß does not lead to success now
there were only a few seconds left
Blue came again and came
to succeed only a second later and
the hit would not have counted
We pity Amstetten for the kind of Germany
is then 16 to 12
now there were only four hits left
because you could be quite satisfied
you should not forget about it either
Nordhorn was also still ahead
and after the second half you stood
then with empty hands there for
eisenach was definitely clear
had to do something but the hit in
last second gave hope again
Passage two strongly recalled the
Initial phase of the first half
emsdetten started again found weak
not really back to the game
instead of rebuilding the leadership
she just swam there
tsv coach velimir petkovic knew well
there was still something he conducted his
guys from the sideline and
within five minutes it was then
eisenach was done again
Now the game got exciting again
the fans of the tsv were fully back
now followed their team with all
Force had to implement now with all
against it they managed to do it
but not really set off
Eisenach still beat it
Towards the end it became real
exciting here you meet only 71 yards
to balance out a short time later again
guys to leadership
Only a few minutes to play now
emsdetten threatened the first
home defeat but jesus people that
still time comes tor before it meets for its
rebalancing on the clock stood
but still 5 40 seconds possession
eisenach and it comes as feared
the tsv scored again
the emotions now boiled on emsdetten
had only a few seconds left
point division by the initial situation
almost hopelessly eisenach parried that
Tor wanted the two important points
Take home after this chance
revision is over
emsdetten fall bitter now for the tva
a little bit happy for eisenach after this
tight and highly emotional
final phase will be again
a bit restless rudelbildung on the
Spielfeld not the best finish
such a wavering handball arms yet
So after this moment can not be
More celebrating with the travelers
fans win their victory in the ems hall and the
second place in the league i
I would be dissatisfied today
had the opportunity to win
exactly the same as in the nordhorn
I do not care if the team is fourth
is or or tenth or fifteenth
if we want to play we win and
then you can not be satisfied if
one lost but did not use
seven reports we have three seven-meter
I think I can play 2000 shows
and we also have other chance against
such a strong opponent will be punished
in the second half we have it
not when the first halftime managed
as a cover motorcycle and so on
the services have the same kind of work
can hold high
one conceded too many goals and
that should break our neck today
so i'm generally never happy after
defeat but today I am also one
a bit proud because we are fine
presented we hewn everything
and can I call on us?